Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Then you need to generate a unique number.
Varieties of ways to do this.
Yes, there varieties of ways to do this is influence.
You can achieve the same results by using varieties of ways.
Okay.
Now, like I said, in order to generate a unique number, you can use varieties of ways to do this.
And I think in the Zoom call section I've shown, you also generate a unique number using a round on
method.
Okay.
So now in this section, I'm going to show you on how to do this with the package.
So now I head up to your browser and add up to your pub, the dev.
Then you're going to search for something known as you.
You.
I'd.
So this is going to give us some unique numbers.
Again, like I said, you can basically use a them for this.
Okay.
So what you're going to need to do is we're going to copy this code and then.
You're going to go to.
They passed big GMO.
They don't need to do exactly what I'm doing.
You can just use the random method in order to generate a unique I.D. number, and that's it.
Think I'm showing you that in the zip code section.
So anyone you think is more understandable to you.
But I think using the package is more understandable.
You can just use two line of codes and you are done.
Okay.
You're going to see the signal to the power of.
Package.
You're going to see the power of this shortly.
Okay.
I think you're going to see it in the next lecture.
So.
Okay.
I don't even need to wait for this decision.
I think it's dawn.
You can just make sure it's done by.
By clicking on it again and.
Probably you're going to need to restart your visa code in order to really take note of that package
you just added.
So you can see that it does.
I'm going to do this in this separate lecture.
I'm just going to make this a separate lecture.
Okay, this is done already.
We can just do this again.
And that's and make sure it's is.
Well, he died.
Okay.
It's going to take some time.
It's done.
Okay.
So what you're going to need to do is probably you can close your vehicle and.
And then we started.